Ladies
and
gentlefolk.
Girls
and
boys.
It is my
exquisite
pleasure
to introduce
to you a man
who needs
no introduction.
The man whose
musical
machinations
will take
your ears
on a journey
to the center
of your soul
straight from
Humboldt County.
It's
my
man
Tory
Satins.
Five
years
that’s
not
too
long
But it's
half
a decade
on
Since a
lonely
man
With a
half-baked
plan
started
Ueno
With a
keen
eye
for
classy
design
he was
working
all
alone
But the
clients
rolled in
So he
hired
a friend
And you
wouldn't
believe
how
we've
grown.
Now
're ha
living
the dream
and
building
a team
Yeah,
we're
on a
golden
road
With
lots
new
faces
and
new
office
spaces
Creators
of
things
a-la-mode
we're
energized
by our
KPIs
We're
clearly
on
a
roll
There’s
harmonizing
and
strategizing
yes,
Ueno
is
breaking
the
mold!
Now
the
slacks
and
E-mails
ani
meeting
alerts
are
greeted
with a
smile
Caus the
Ueno
way
is
NEVER to
STOP
[coughs]
Actually
can
somebody
give me
a drink
oh
thank
you
And
now
we're
working
like
hell
at a
feverish
pace
We
love
the
agency
life
Cause
we're
in it
to
Uen
it!
A mile
a minute!
We'll
do
it
until
we
die!
Now
that
Ueno
is
five
We
hope
to
survive
for
at
least
a thousand
years.
Let
me
tell
you
for
sure
It'll
always
endure
So
dry
your
eyes
It'll
always
abide
Yes,
Ueno
will
always
be
arouuuuund!